# 2. Proposal Verifiers - Ensuring Authenticity

This example shows how a **proposal reviewer** can evaluate whether specific proposals were generated by the tool and if they are correct.

For this specific example the proposal that would be placed would have the following `ChangeSubnetMembership` payload:
```json
{
  "node_ids_add": [
    "node-3"
  ],
  "node_ids_remove": [
    "node-1"
  ],
  "subnet_id": "subnet-1"
}
```

## Running the Example

From the root of the repository:

```bash
poetry run python ./topology_optimizer/main.py \
  --config-file ./examples/02-proposal-verifiers-ensuring-authenticity/config.json
````

The results will be written to the `./output` directory.

---

## Relevant Files

* **`./data/network_data/data.csv`**
  Current information about existing nodes in the network.
  *(For mainnet, this information can be retrieved programmatically.)*
  We will submit publically the files we use for generating the proposals so that the community and the reviewers can repeat it.

* **`./data/topology/topology.csv`**
  The target topology definition.

* **`./config.json`**
  The file that is used to specify which flags are used by the tool. They are needed to make the whole run repeatable.
  For this example we enabled the `enforce_blacklist_constraint`

* **`./blacklist.yaml`**
  The file used to blacklist (or remove) specific features from the network.
  For this example we want to blacklist a specific node because it needs to be redeployed.
  
---

## Interpreting the Output

The key file to inspect is:

* **`./output/subnet_node_changes_clusters.json`**

This file contains the swaps that need to performed to adhere to the target topology. For this example the important entries are the following:
```json
[
  ...
    "removed": [
      {
        "node_id": "node-1",
        "node_provider": "node-provider-1",
        "change_type": "dropped"
      }
    ],
    "added": [
      {
        "node_id": "node-3",
        "node_provider": "node-provider-1",
        "change_type": "newly_assigned"
      }
    ]
  ...
]
```

Here we see that the tool came up with an optimal solution of replacing a blacklisted node with a different one owned by the same node provider. The end state adheres to the target topology.

---

## Note

It is possible that multiple solutions adhere to the target topology and if verifiers use different tooling to come up with the swap they are all equally good to us. As long as the end state adheres to the target topology it is valid.
